no rest and no end in
sight tens of thousands of displaced
Palestinians flee once again from areas
they were told would be
safe most are facing the same dilemma
there's nowhere left to go and no
guarantee of
safety death is more merciful in this
country we were displaced 20 times I
swear to God our houses and Tents were
struck they do not want us to live oh
God they don't even want us to enjoy our
life the people are dying and there's
wounded everywhere the people do not
know where to go even Alma wasi is not
safe we don't know where to go to the
sea or where death is more merciful as
Israel expands its ground operations
from South to Central Gaza it's told
civilians to
leave those evacuation orders cover some
of the most densely populated areas in
the strip IND albala and
kanun this place Palestinians carry what
little they have
left some have vehicles others donkeys
but most are fleeing on
foot we haven't been able to sleep for 3
Days wherever you go there is bombing
this is the seventh time I've been
displaced we've had enough find us a
solution we can't bear this any longer
tent camps like this in dear Al Bala are
where many are forced to find shelter
only 9% of the strip is still designated
by the Israeli military is safe and that
number is steadily decreasing month by
month there is no safe place they strike
everywhere at 6:00 in the morning there
were tank shells falling on us in the
east of while we were sleeping tank
shells landed directly on people's heads
this morning they landed directly above
people's heads I'd like someone to tell
me where are people supposed to go where
do people go we've had enough
enough the United Nations says at least
at least 90% of gaza's population has
been displaced at least once since the
beginning of the war in October and for
most Palestinians and Gaza now this is
the only
constant Alex beard Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer